# Worsksheet 14
1.
A Python library is a collection of pre-written code modules that can be imported and used in Python programs. These libraries contain functions, classes, and other tools that developers can use to simplify and speed up the development process.

2.
- Reusability: A programmer can create their own library file to reuse code across multiple projects, saving time and effort in the long run.

- Customization: By creating their own library file, a programmer can tailor the code to their specific needs and preferences, rather than relying on pre-existing libraries that may not fit their requirements.

- Efficiency: A programmer can optimize their code for performance by creating their own library file, rather than relying on bulky or inefficient third-party libraries.

- Intellectual property: If a programmer has developed a unique algorithm or process, they may want to create their own library file to protect their intellectual property.

- Collaboration: Creating a library file can facilitate collaboration with other developers, who can easily import and use the code in their own projects.

3 + 4.

One can import a whole library with
```import library```
or 
``` from library import *```
With the first option one must always define the namespace with
```library.module()```,
whereas the second option loads the modules into the local namespace, so they can be run just with``` module()```.
Both methods have their benefits and downsides.

5.
Yes, but then they only work inside the imported library. This is bad practice.

6.
A namespace is a feature in programming languages that allows programmers to group related classes, functions, and variables under a common name. This helps to avoid naming conflicts and makes it easier to organize and manage code. A programmer can define a namespace and then use it to encapsulate their code, ensuring that it does not interfere with other parts of the program.